okay this is a video on how to change
your service gravity in CS 1.6 once you
log into your game panel click on the
gaming services button and then click on
your server IP give that a couple
seconds to load
and then click on default config files
and then click on server CFG
then scroll down and look for sv gravity
which is right here the default setting
is 800 if you make it higher obviously
the gravity will be more intense and if
you want it to have like a lower gravity
setting and make it 100 or if you want
really high set gravities heading you
can make it 1,000 but the default is 800
so we're going to keep it at that for
now and it's all you have to do and
press save
and then go back to your server
and once it's done loading press the
restart button so that the changes take
place this also could take a while it
all really depends
just going to wait for it to finish
and it says your game server has been
restarted and you're good to go and
that's it for this video tutorial